README.md, before:

<img src="https://nerdd.dk/images/logos/TimeTracker.png" width="256" height="256">

# Time Tracker

Time Tracker is the simplest macOS app for tracking time working for clients, I can imagine.

You can add clients:

<img width="783" alt="add_client" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2a5d43e-42e7-48a6-bb3d-8783102e0edf" />

You can add projects to clients:

<img width="783" alt="add_project" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a48ed99-84d9-41a8-bd05-412e26558063" />

You can track time spent on projects:

<img width="783" alt="track_time" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c18d0fc5-75ba-4db7-bd15-4480efcec942" />

And you can register time invoiced to projects

<img width="783" alt="create_invoice" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3416637-bb45-415c-a08b-4725b8df858d" />

<img width="783" alt="invoices" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/982a47e7-9984-4cba-ae16-62118501b96e" />

And that is pretty much it.

# No AI

No AI has been used in the development of Time Tracker.

# Development

I welcome any pull requests, issues, suggestions, etc. Unless they are made using AI.

If I deem AI has been used, I will close and / or reject it without any comment.

# License

MIT

Commit message:

Add link to post about the app

README.md, after:

<img src="https://nerdd.dk/images/logos/TimeTracker.png" width="256" height="256">

# Time Tracker

Time Tracker is the simplest macOS app for tracking time working for clients, I can imagine. Read about, why I built it [on my website](https://nerdd.dk/2025/06/11/scratching-my-own-itch/).

You can add clients:

<img width="783" alt="add_client" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e2a5d43e-42e7-48a6-bb3d-8783102e0edf" />

You can add projects to clients:

<img width="783" alt="add_project" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3a48ed99-84d9-41a8-bd05-412e26558063" />

You can track time spent on projects:

<img width="783" alt="track_time" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c18d0fc5-75ba-4db7-bd15-4480efcec942" />

And you can register time invoiced to projects

<img width="783" alt="create_invoice" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a3416637-bb45-415c-a08b-4725b8df858d" />

<img width="783" alt="invoices" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/982a47e7-9984-4cba-ae16-62118501b96e" />

And that is pretty much it.

# No AI

No AI has been used in the development of Time Tracker.

# Development

I welcome any pull requests, issues, suggestions, etc. Unless they are made using AI.

If I deem AI has been used, I will close and / or reject it without any comment.

# License

MIT
